OK so let's see the state in action.
Now whenever we use state we start the component and you declare a state.
You can you can have some options right here some default options.
So what I'm going to do could go right here at the bottom I'm going to say title to something title
An inside the title.
I can have a default value it's going to be the keywords.
For example the keyboards are just done.
And since this is an object are going to come in right here on our application I'm just going to create
two different apps and say DIVX and then are going to say Divx at the bottom to something real simple.
Now since whenever the application loads of react is going to check whatever you have on the state.
So after you have it checks what you have on the state is going to go to the render and it's going to
render the information.
And right here if you make of reference says some values that you have on the states some default values
is going to render this values.
So inside the first div I'm going to do curly braces and I'm going to say OK.
React.
I want you to show whatever I have on the title state.
So I'm going to make reference to this because is this component this class going can say Dot going
to make I'm going to call the state and I want to get the title.
So just like a regular object I'm going to say title and whenever the application loads going to get
I can have the text.
It's going to be the key words are.
So you can have a lot of default values and then you could be changing the state of this Ballis no problem.
So what I want to do right here below the key words are I want to output whatever information we have
in keywords.
So again I'm going to say does Dant state DOT key words.
Now whenever the application loads the key words it's going to be empty of course.
So nothing is going to happen.
But if I go right here and type J is going to show us the state of Quartz.
And again if we just add more information it's going to just display the keyboards.
So what is happening let's go back.
Let me just reload the application.
So the up the component loads is going to wrap the constructor create a state and set some default settings.
So then it's going to go right here and it's going to render the components and it start on the title
it's going to put the default value and keywords is going to be empty because that's what we have in
the state.
Now if I go right here and the user types in F..
OK.
It's going to be type and Neph is going to go to impeach or to onchange is going to trigger the change
and it's going to set a new state for the keywords.
So keywords.
It's not going to be empty anymore.
It's going to have an F..
OK let's get now.
Whenever whenever this is happening re-act knows and it's listening for changes on the state.
So whenever we change the state put whatever value re-act is going to check the state again is going
to go right here again on the render and it's going to render all the information again but that this
state keywords it's not empty anymore.
It's going to have a net.
So it's really rendering everything with the values we have.
OK.
And again if I type anay is going to repeat the exact same process going to go to the to the function
is going to set the state of keywords.
And now it's going to be a it's going to really render everything and this values is going to be tidal
it's going to be the same and this keyboard is going to be FAA and then again just the same process.
Whenever we changes change states.
So this is really important for for react and we're going to use States if we're going to use state
a lot.
Would you react.
OK so let's go to the next section.
And remember what I told you before not to do this state that keyboards for example equal to events
target that value not not to change a state like this.
And again I'm just telling you again because you shouldn't change the state.
And if I do it do not muted state directly use said state.
And you know this is going to work because you're getting a warning.
So this is going to work but you shouldn't use it.
This is some bad idea.
OK.
So again this is enough for state for this part.
Let's go to the next section and talk about something else.